This is my name: David Bradley
My address:  Potsdam West, Germany

Client Name: Rachel Tan
Client Country: Singapore

-------------------
Client information:
------------------- 
44 jobs posted
10% hire rate, 1 open job
$61K total spent
5 hires, 0 active
$34.93 /hr avg hourly rate paid
1,752 hours
Member since Jul 20, 2020

--------------------------
This is job description:
--------------------------
Responsibilities:

Design, develop, test, and maintain high-quality solutions using modern software development practices and technologies.

Lead technical initiatives and work collaboratively with cross-functional teams to drive successful project outcomes.

Participate in code reviews and provide feedback to improve code quality, maintainability, and scalability.

Collaborate with stakeholders to define and prioritize solution features and requirements.

Requirements:

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or related field, or equivalent experience.

At least 5 years of experience in software engineering

Deep understanding of software engineering principles, best practices, and design patterns.

Experience with one or more modern programming languages such as Python

Experience with building infrastructure on AWS

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, with a demonstrated ability to quickly learn new technologies and concepts.

Excellent written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.


-----------------
This is porposal
-----------------
Hello, If you are looking for a high talent, you are now seeing the right application, and if you are looking to build something perfect and amazing, please get me involved, and you will see exceptional performance and best practice for sure.

I am a senior software engineer with strong proficiency in Python and Django, and I worked on building rest API backend using Django and Django Rest Framework.
My main contribution was architecting DB models, backend optimization along with implementing main features with strong care to the security on projects like healthcare, crypto fintech product.
I Implement CI/CD and automation using GitHub action AWS Services such as AWS Code Pipeline, Code build, Code deploy and EC2. I am familiar with MySQL, PostgreSQL as well as NoSQL databases like MongoDB, AWS DynamoDB and worked with Jira, Trello, Agile Scrum software development methodology.
Also, I have a deep knowledge of Docker, Kubernetes, and AWS Cloud Services like Amplify, EC2, lambda, Cognito, API Gateway, Cloud Front, AppSync, DynamoDB, and so on so that I can implement your requirements within the short term and provide the best quality code and good solution with low latency and high performance.

https://www.podpage.com (Django)
http://anewcrm.enclosedit.com/ ( Django(DRF) + React)
http://simplesearchpr.com (Django)
https://www.realclearneighborhoods.com (Django)
https://spark.jana.com.au/ (Django)
https://www.tableedeschefs.org/en/ (Django)
tjuwanpa.com (Django)
http://statscalc.com/ (Django and DRF)
https://funventurer.com/ (Django(DRF) & React)

I have a good communication skills and love to share experience in team members.
I would like to build another successful career in this project, and will contribute with the best practices.


I am a free now and can start right away.
Thanks